The properties aren't represented as Unix time (#16121)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancetiming/index.md

These properties each describe the time at which a particular point in the page loading process was reached. Some correspond to DOM events; others describe the time at which internal browser operations of interest took place.

> Each time is provided as a 64-bit unsigned integer (`unsigned long long`) representing the moment, in milliseconds since the UNIX epoch.

Reviewer: I wonder if it useful to provide the data type at all - given that JavaScript either sees a `Number` or a `BigInt`?

Reviewer 2: I would go for:
```suggestion
Each time is provided as a number representing the moment, in milliseconds since the UNIX epoch.
```

(or an integer)

Reviewer: We should probably grep the source for terms like `unsigned integer` and `unsigned long`

Reviewer 2: Yes, we have plenty of these. (We are close to getting rid of `DOMString`, `USVString`, and `CSSOMString`, but we still have to get rid of `DOMHighResTimestamp` and these unsigned integer, long, long, & co…)

Author: Thanks, I'll use JavaScript data types after this.
